feat(lib-file-snapshots): Provide string normalizers (#443)
cronn/file-snapshots: packages/docs/src/general/normalizers.md

# Normalizers

The following normalizer functions can be used to mask non-deterministic or irrelevant values in file snapshots, e.g. timestamps, IDs or URLs. They are defined in the `@cronn/lib-file-snapshots` package. For convenience, they are also re-exported from the [`@cronn/playwright-file-snapshots`](/playwright/) and [`@cronn/vitest-file-snapshots`](/vitest/) packages.

## `maskString`

Returns a normalizer that replaces every occurrence of `searchValue` with `maskedValue`.

```ts
import { maskString } from "@cronn/lib-file-snapshots";

test("masks base URL", async () => {
  await expect(`
    - [Home](https://example.com/home)
    - [About Us](https://example.com/about)
    - [Blog](https://example.com/blog)
  `).toMatchTextFile({
    normalizers: [maskString("https://example.com", "<BASE_URL>")],
    fileExtension: "md",
  });
});
```

**Output:**

```md [masks_base_URL.md]
- [Home](<BASE_URL>/home)
- [About Us](<BASE_URL>/about)
- [Blog](<BASE_URL>/blog)
```

## `maskPattern`

> Returns a normalizer that finds every distinct match of `searchPattern` and replaces it with `maskValue(counter)`, where `counter` starts at `1` and increments for each new distinct match. Repeated matches reuse the same counter, which makes the mask stable across snapshots.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns a normalizer that finds every distinct match of `searchPattern` and replaces it with `maskValue(counter)`, where `counter` starts at `1` and increments for each new distinct match. Repeated matches reuse the same counter, which makes the mask stable within the same snapshot.
```

or did I get that wrong?

Author: Yes, I think your version is more precise. Technically, you could reuse the masking function across different snapshots to actually make the counter stable outside of a single snapshot, but this is quite error prone and can easily break when the order of snapshots changes, so I would not recommend doing it.

> [!NOTE]

> > The regular expression must include the global flag (`g`) so all matches are detected.

Reviewer: nice hint :)
